v1.0.0
v1.0.1 include SMS api
v1.0.2 Update VOD service APIs
v1.0.3 Update SMS service APIs
v1.0.4 Update RTC service APIs
v1.0.5 Update CDN service APIs
v1.0.6 Add sms demo
v1.0.7 Add more sms example
v1.0.12 Update sms service APIs
v1.0.14 Add livesaas
v1.0.16 Add dns
v1.0.17 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.18 Update CDN/billing service APIs
v1.0.19 Update VOD service APIs
v1.0.20 Update livesaas service APIs
v1.0.21 Update RTC service APIs
v1.0.22 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.23 Update cdn service APIs
v1.0.24 Update live service APIs
v1.0.25 Update sts service APIs
v1.0.26 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.27 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.28 Update vod/live service APIs
v1.0.29 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.30 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.31 Update vod/CDN service APIs
v1.0.32 Update vod/live/livesaas service APIs
v1.0.33 Update livesaas service APIs
v1.0.34 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.35 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.36 Update cdn service APIs
v1.0.37 Update livesaas service APIs
v1.0.38 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.39 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.40 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.41 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.42 Fix some bugs
v1.0.43 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.44 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.45 Update cdn service APIs
v1.0.46 Update live service APIs
v1.0.47 Update cdn/vod service APIs
v1.0.48 Update sms service APIs
v1.0.49 Update core service APIs
v1.0.50 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.51 Update live service APIs
v1.0.52 Update core service APIs
v1.0.53 Update cdn service APIs
v1.0.54 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.55 Update vod service APIs
v1.0.56 Update vod service APIs
